# INTRODUCTION
The actual purpose of this study is to delvelop a cloud strategy for an organizational infrastructure. For conducting this study successfully , Zoho is choosen , which is a company that creates updated software for solving different types of problems that occcur in a business operation.
# Background of the organization
Zoho is an Indian technology organization that creates web-based tools for business and also different types of computer softaware. According to the leaders of the organization ,Zoho creates software to solve theri various business-relevant issues (Babu and Prasad 2021). They believe that software is he ultimate item of the hands and the minds. In spite of sales and marketing , the main motto behind the creation of updated software programmes in their business place. Zoho mostly keep their focus on the customers and their requirements from the organization. The leadership and the management team of this organization also focus on their employees and the culture of thier workplace, which influences them to maintain a healthy working environment throughout their workplace of Zoho.
In the contemporary software business industry , Zoho has become one of the most successful organization for its working strategy.Zoho made a plan to minimize to the adoptionof its operating infrastructure for business purpose . They work on scalability by combining their CX platforms vertically and horizontally so that more organization can be more attached to their customers (Zoho, 2022).In Zoho , the business procedure is B2B, which means Business-to-Business is populated in the workplace . However consumers of this organization can customize tools of Zoho CRM. Zoho always pride itself on its business procedure for being easier to utilise yet stronger enough to meet the requirements of even most demanding business operations.
# Current IT set-up of the organziation
This organziation work as a cloud-based service. Businesses who want to connect with Zoho, sign up and get started utilizing Zoho without any long- term agreements or upfront costs. The traditional IT set-up of this organization is created based on some usual software and hardware materials , which are date centres, facilities , networking hardware desktop computers , servers of the organization and also enterprise application software solutions.
The company conducts its business service operations with the support of complete toolkit that is identified as "The full stack ITSM platform".This platform supports and delivers flawless service with standardized workflow , and intelligent automation and expands the self-service abilities of this organization. It is simple and secure IT management from cloud which helps to ensure 360-degree security and endpoint managementof the IT networj of the usiness that uses Zoho services (Zoho, 2022). It motorized patch management in the SaaS way. Zoho smoothly keeps tabs on misplaces pathces of the connected network, motorized patch management and secure the endpoints (macOS,Windows and Linuz) of the distributed workforce over the cloud to monitor a variety of peration metrics relevant to servers, websites, applications, networks and actual user experiences by utilizing this compact monitoring tool in its infrastructure.
